<div class="hint"> Techie: UI/UX Design, Coding, automation, Linux, and beyond—constantly learning, solving, and innovating.</div>

Hi, I'm Kavindu. and in this section, I would like to keep this as an artical rather than placing my bio data and list of my skills! And to be honest it's hard to answer a quection like "Who I am?", cuz we are constantly changing over time... we grow... we learn... we fail... We won't be the same person who we was few days ago...

For now, to keep it simple, I'm just a **student** (maybe as same as you are) interested in how I can build / sharp the future with adding a little bit of tech and problem-solving skills. If you want this to be a bit more personal, I'm a melomaniac (music lover), a parson who pays to see others (wearing glasses 👓), a person who cannot survive without caffeine.

Talking about my journey, not to follow that same path but to give you an idea, I started learning web development at the end of 2018 starting from basic HTML tags and CSS styling bit by bit. In 2021, I started purchasing courses on Coursera, where I lerend python specifically for automate tasks, and I complted that specialization on 4th of Jan 2024. With that knowledge, I worked on several projects, a one prject was building a system that automatically generates certificates with each person's name when we input a list of names from a CSV file. (I was the vice-president of the photography society; and I noticed that it takes lot of time to edit cetificates one by one, and I solved it with my coding skills!)
